contributor:
$Author: niclone $

revision:
$Revision: 1.1 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2007-06-14 07:48:48 $

requires:
lib-fpdf

files: 
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoBoldOblique.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoBoldOblique.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoBoldOblique.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoBoldOblique.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoBold.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoBold.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoBold.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoBold.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoOblique.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoOblique.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMonoOblique.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeMonoOblique.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMono.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeMono.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeMono.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeMono.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansBoldOblique.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansBoldOblique.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansBoldOblique.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansBoldOblique.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansBold.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansBold.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansBold.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansBold.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansOblique.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansOblique.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSansOblique.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSansOblique.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSans.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSans.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSans.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSans.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifBoldItalic.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifBoldItalic.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifBoldItalic.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifBoldItalic.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifBold.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifBold.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifBold.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifBold.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifItalic.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifItalic.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerifItalic.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerifItalic.z
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerif.php lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerif.php
lib/fpdf_freefonts/font/FreeSerif.z lib/fpdf/font/FreeSerif.z

author:
Upstream Author: Primoz Peterlin
Packaged for tikiwiki fpdf mods by Nicolas Dimitrijevic

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description:
Fonts from the FreeFont project http://savannah.nongnu.org/download/freefont/ converted for fpdf mods

Changelog:
1.0 initial package

