contributor:
$Author: tombombadilom $

revision:
$Revision: 1.4 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2007-06-14 09:24:52 $

files: 
lib/jpgraph/CHANGELOG lib/jpgraph/CHANGELOG
lib/jpgraph/src/index.php lib/jpgraph/src/index.php
lib/jpgraph/src/flags.dat lib/jpgraph/src/flags.dat
lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb100x100.dat lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb100x100.dat
lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb35x35.dat lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb35x35.dat
lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb60x60.dat lib/jpgraph/src/flags_thumb60x60.dat
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_balls.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_balls.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_bevels.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_bevels.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_diamonds.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_diamonds.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_pushpins.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_pushpins.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_squares.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_squares.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_stars.inc lib/jpgraph/src/imgdata_stars.inc
lib/jpgraph/src/jpg-config.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpg-config.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_antispam-digits.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_antispam-digits.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_antispam.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_antispam.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_bar.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_bar.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_canvas.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_canvas.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_canvtools.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_canvtools.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_date.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_date.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_errhandler.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_errhandler.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_error.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_error.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_flags.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_flags.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gantt.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gantt.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gb2312.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gb2312.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gradient.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_gradient.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_iconplot.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_iconplot.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_imgtrans.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_imgtrans.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_line.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_line.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_log.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_log.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_mgraph.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_mgraph.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_pie3d.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_pie3d.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_pie.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_pie.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_plotband.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_plotband.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_plotmark.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_plotmark.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_polar.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_polar.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_radar.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_radar.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_regstat.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_regstat.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_scatter.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_scatter.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_stock.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_stock.php
lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_utils.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/jpgraph_utils.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/lang/de.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/lang/de.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/lang/en.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/lang/en.inc.php
lib/jpgraph/src/lang/prod.inc.php lib/jpgraph/src/lang/prod.inc.php

author:
Copyright (C) Aditus
http://www.aditus.nu/jpgraph/

licence:
QPL 1.0

Description: 
JpGraph is a Object-Oriented Graph creating library for PHP >= 5 The library is completely written in PHP and ready to be used in any PHP scripts (both CGI/APXS/CLI versions of PHP are supported).

Changelog:
1 initial package version 2.1.4

sql-install:
INSERT IGNORE INTO tiki_preferences (name,value) VALUES ('feature_jpgraph', 'y'); 

sql-remove:
