contributor:
$Author: niclone $

revision:
$Revision: 1.0 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2007/06/14 07:48:48 $

requires:
lib-fpdf

files: 
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraBd.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraBd.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraBd.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraBd.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraBI.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraBI.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraBI.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraBI.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraIt.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraIt.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraIt.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraIt.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoBd.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoBd.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoBd.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoBd.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoBI.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoBI.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoBI.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoBI.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoIt.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoIt.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMoIt.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraMoIt.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMono.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraMono.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraMono.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraMono.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/Vera.php lib/fpdf/font/Vera.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraSeBd.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraSeBd.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraSeBd.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraSeBd.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraSe.php lib/fpdf/font/VeraSe.php
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/VeraSe.z lib/fpdf/font/VeraSe.z
lib/fpdf_bitstreamvera/font/Vera.z lib/fpdf/font/Vera.z

author:
Upstream Author: Bitstream
Packaged for tikiwiki fpdf mods by Nicolas Dimitrijevic

licence:
Free

Description:
Bitstream Vera fonts converted for fpdf mods

Changelog:
1.0 initial package
