contributor:
$Author: mose $

revision:
$Revision: 1.2 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2004-11-04 00:10:23 $

files: 
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/index.php  styles/matrix/index.php
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/dark.png   styles/matrix/img/dark.png
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/grey.png   styles/matrix/img/grey.png
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/index.php   styles/matrix/img/index.php
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/ltgreen.png   styles/matrix/img/ltgreen.png
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/matrix.jpg   styles/matrix/img/matrix.jpg
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/img/red.png   styles/matrix/img/red.png
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-box.css  styles/matrix/matrix-box.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-box.f.css  styles/matrix/matrix-box.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-box.l.css  styles/matrix/matrix-box.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-calendar.css  styles/matrix/matrix-calendar.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-categories.css  styles/matrix/matrix-categories.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-categories.f.css  styles/matrix/matrix-categories.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-categories.l.css   styles/matrix/matrix-categories.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-debug.css  styles/matrix/matrix-debug.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-dir.css  styles/matrix/matrix-dir.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-dir.f.css  styles/matrix/matrix-dir.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-dir.l.css  styles/matrix/matrix-dir.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-general.css  styles/matrix/matrix-general.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-other.css  styles/matrix/matrix-other.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-other.f.css  styles/matrix/matrix-other.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-other.l.css  styles/matrix/matrix-other.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-table.css  styles/matrix/matrix-table.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-table.f.css   styles/matrix/matrix-table.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-table.l.css  styles/matrix/matrix-table.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-tc.css   styles/matrix/matrix-tc.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.css   styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.f.css  styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.f.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.l.css  styles/matrix/matrix-wiki.l.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix.css  styles/matrix.css
themes/matrix/styles/matrix.light.css  styles/matrix.light.css
themes/matrix/templates/error.tpl   templates/styles/matrix/error.tpl
themes/matrix/templates/index.php  templates/styles/matrix/index.php
themes/matrix/templates/tiki-bot_bar.tpl  templates/styles/matrix/tiki-bot_bar.tpl
themes/matrix/templates/tiki-my_tiki.tpl  templates/styles/matrix/tiki-my_tiki.tpl
themes/matrix/templates/tiki-top_bar.tpl  templates/styles/matrix/tiki-top_bar.tpl
themes/matrix/templates/tiki.tpl  templates/styles/matrix/tiki.tpl

author:
zaufi

licence:
GNU/LGPL

Description: 
Requires a high powered workstation, light version also included.

Changelog:
1 initial package
