contributor:
$Author: mose $

revision:
$Revision: 1.1 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2004-09-29 20:21:12 $

files: 
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal.css styles/redmetal.css
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_barbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_barbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_barleft.gif styles/redmetal/red_barleft.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_barright.gif styles/redmetal/red_barright.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_botbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_botbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_bottombg.gif styles/redmetal/red_bottombg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_bottomleft.gif styles/redmetal/red_bottomleft.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_bottomright.gif styles/redmetal/red_bottomright.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_leftbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_leftbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_rightbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_rightbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_rtsidebg.gif styles/redmetal/red_rtsidebg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_topbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_topbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_topleft.gif styles/redmetal/red_topleft.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_topleftbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_topleftbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_topright.gif styles/redmetal/red_topright.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/red_toprightbg.gif styles/redmetal/red_toprightbg.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/nav_m.gif styles/redmetal/nav_m.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/page_0.gif styles/redmetal/page_0.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/page_back.png styles/redmetal/page_back.png
themes/redmetal/theme/styles/redmetal/tile_back.gif styles/redmetal/tile_back.gif
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/error.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/error.tpl
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/error_ticket.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/error_ticket.tpl
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/index.php templates/styles/redmetal/index.php
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-editpage.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-editpage.tpl
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-show_page.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-show_page.tpl
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl
themes/redmetal/theme/templates/styles/redmetal/tiki.tpl templates/styles/redmetal/tiki.tpl

author:
colorado

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description: 
Theme borrowed to another cms.

Changelog:
1 initial package
