contributor:
$Author: mose $

revision:
$Revision: 1.2 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2004-11-04 00:10:23 $

files: 
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal.css styles/bluemetal.css
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_barbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_barbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_barleft.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_barleft.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_barright.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_barright.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_botbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_botbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_bottombg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_bottombg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_bottomleft.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_bottomleft.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_bottomright.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_bottomright.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_cornerbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_cornerbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_leftbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_leftbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_rightbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_rightbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_rtsidebg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_rtsidebg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_topbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_topbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_topleft.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_topleft.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_topleftbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_topleftbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_topright.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_topright.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/blue_toprightbg.gif styles/bluemetal/blue_toprightbg.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/nav_m.gif styles/bluemetal/nav_m.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/page_0.gif styles/bluemetal/page_0.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/page_back.png styles/bluemetal/page_back.png
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/tikibuttonmetal.gif styles/bluemetal/tikibuttonmetal.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/tile_back.gif styles/bluemetal/tile_back.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/styles/bluemetal/topbgsmall.gif styles/bluemetal/topbgsmall.gif
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/error.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/error.tpl
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/error_ticket.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/error_ticket.tpl
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/index.php templates/styles/bluemetal/index.php
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-editpage.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-editpage.tpl
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-show_page.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-show_page.tpl
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl
themes/bluemetal/theme/templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki.tpl templates/styles/bluemetal/tiki.tpl

author:
colorado

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description: 
Theme borrowed to another cms.

Changelog:
2 added wikirating include
1 initial package
