contributor:
$Author: mose $

revision:
$Revision: 1.1 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2004-09-29 20:42:22 $

files: 
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal.css styles/purplemetal.css
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_barbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_barbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_barleft.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_barleft.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_barright.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_barright.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_botbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_botbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_bottombg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_bottombg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_bottomleft.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_bottomleft.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_bottomright.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_bottomright.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_cornerbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_cornerbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_leftbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_leftbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_rightbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_rightbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_rtsidebg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_rtsidebg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_topbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_topbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_topleft.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_topleft.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_topleftbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_topleftbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_topright.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_topright.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/purple_toprightbg.gif styles/purplemetal/purple_toprightbg.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/nav_m.gif styles/purplemetal/nav_m.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/page_0.gif styles/purplemetal/page_0.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/page_back.png styles/purplemetal/page_back.png
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/tikibuttonmetal.gif styles/purplemetal/tikibuttonmetal.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/tile_back.gif styles/purplemetal/tile_back.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/styles/purplemetal/topbgsmall.gif styles/purplemetal/topbgsmall.gif
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/error.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/error.tpl
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/error_ticket.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/error_ticket.tpl
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/index.php templates/styles/purplemetal/index.php
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-editpage.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-editpage.tpl
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-show_page.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-show_page.tpl
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl
themes/purplemetal/theme/templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki.tpl templates/styles/purplemetal/tiki.tpl

author:
colorado

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description: 
Theme borrowed to another cms.

Changelog:
1 initial package
