contributor:
$Author: mose $

revision:
$Revision: 1.1 $

lastmodif:
$Date: 2004-09-29 20:21:12 $

files: 
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal.css styles/greenmetal.css
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_barbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_barbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_barleft.gif styles/greenmetal/green_barleft.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_barright.gif styles/greenmetal/green_barright.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_botbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_botbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_bottombg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_bottombg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_bottomleft.gif styles/greenmetal/green_bottomleft.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_bottomright.gif styles/greenmetal/green_bottomright.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_leftbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_leftbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_rightbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_rightbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_rtsidebg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_rtsidebg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_topbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_topbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_topleft.gif styles/greenmetal/green_topleft.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_topleftbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_topleftbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_topright.gif styles/greenmetal/green_topright.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/green_toprightbg.gif styles/greenmetal/green_toprightbg.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/styles/greenmetal/page_0.gif styles/greenmetal/page_0.gif
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/error.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/error.tpl
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/error_ticket.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/error_ticket.tpl
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/index.php templates/styles/greenmetal/index.php
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-editpage.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-editpage.tpl
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-show_page.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-show_page.tpl
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki-user_menu.tpl
themes/greenmetal/theme/templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki.tpl templates/styles/greenmetal/tiki.tpl

author:
colorado

licence:
GNU/GPL

Description: 
Theme borrowed to another cms.

Changelog:
1 initial package
